hey guys what's up its cumshot and it's
februari 28 2011 and I'm doing this
commentary about the new turtle beach
headset that's coming out and I did a
commentary about this like like two
months ago when it was first announced
but now the release date is set so I'm
going to talk a little about the headset
more if you guys are watching the
commentators only matter I let's go over
what what's the headset is so turtle
beach / Air Force I'd only know how
everyone just calls turtle beach but
total beach they're releasing this
headset and it's uh it's going to be
it's going to release some March seventh
and it's you you can pre-order it for
two hundred fifty dollars i'm sure you
know if you don't pre-order feet it
after it'll still be two hundred fifty
dollars and um this headset it's it's
wireless and um it hasn't like I don't
know optic cable whatever so I guess you
can't if you like if you use a PVR you
can't record while you're using these I
don't know I only know how to find out
because i apparently that's what people
whose Astros had that problem with but
uh whatever but it's wireless so yeah
like that's the main thing that I'm
really happy about is that it's wireless
because I really want a wireless you
know dolby 7.1 surround sound headset
you know I really don't know what that
means it sounds pretty cool and well
then what's really neat about is that
it's a it's Bluetooth obviously so um
like you you connected to your computer
and this has said it's it's programmable
so you go to the top of each website no
I guess they're going to be installing
like this this new tab on their website
and you can download presets so like you
can download a preset that makes like
people who are reloading you can make
their you can make that sound you know
louder or if you don't want to hear
gunfire like as loud you can turn that
down with that with the preset so um
that's really got people psyched and I
mean I think that's gonna be pretty cool
I don't really met think it matters
though because with my peers 21 I mean
everything to sounded fine there wasn't
something that'd be like I wish I make
that louder
but you know who knows maybe making
footsteps louder at the PX 5 will be way
different than the PX 21 I haven't had
my PS 21 for like two months now and
I've been doing fucking commentaries
with shitty a spike so I'm really
looking forward to getting this new
headset and apparently you can like well
you can like you can pair it with your
cell phone so you can talk to people
with your headset um I think all I'd use
it for is listening to music I only know
if I'd want to bring these two hundred
fifty dollar this is 250 Dalai headset
to school and see it gets stolen I'd be
pretty mad I mean that would not be
pretty cool but yeah I mean I'm
definitely gonna be pre-ordering a
pretty soon I you got enough money and I
want to be looking very forward to it
because as long as my computer's not gay
I'll be doing my commentaries with that
and so the shitty ass Mike that doesn't
work half the time anymore because who
knows why and um so that's a px 5v if
you guys are wondering about it I would
definitely suggest getting it if you I I
would just get it even if you have like
PX 21 or something or if you haven't
even ever had a headset i would
definitely get this one i'm really
excited for and I think not only did I
don't think it's going to be like you
know I only know what would make this
headset bad because you know it's just
you know it's I mean it's going to be
better than PX 21 obviously in Pierce 21
I thought was like you know just cool
because the sounds are awesome but um
yeah so the this the rest of this
commentary about the PX 5 hope you guys
are psyched psyched about it as I am I
in case you guys can tell but um that's
the free-falling ago like 30 and four
thanks for watching comment on the video
right or / like and subscribe to my
channel for more videos thanks for
watching on looking for that headset
shit